# Question 
It is argued that getting married before finishing school or getting a job is foolish.
To what extend do you agree or disagree? 

```
Firstly, 结婚过早会将更多时间放在家里, 从而疏忽了学校学习花费的时间, 并且如果这个人初入职场的话, 也不利于早先在特定领域学习专业技能的机会, 这会阻止了一个人在学术亦或是在职场领域中成为专家的可能性, 
他的人生瓶颈期会提早的到来. 

Secondly, 经济基础 日常开销, 购买房子车辆, 以及未来为孩子投入的教育成本会逐年攀升, 过早的步入婚姻意味着过多的时间投入到家庭中, 很大可能薪水和职业晋升会低于同龄人. 面对日渐增多的开销, 不仅会降低自身抗风险能力, 
也会让一个人为了短时间赚钱选择一些短期利益较高的选项从而放弃投资自己, 对于自身成长有益处的机会. 

Finally, 我们都知道对于一段健康的婚姻来讲, 双方都具备可靠的经济来源, 以及双人协作面对外在的风险与挑战, 两人共同成长往好的方向发展是考察一段关系甚至是婚姻是否能够存续的关键衡量标准. 
学校的环境因为学生自身没有收入, 并且因未过度涉足深入社会, 所以校园情侣间并没有过多来自于现实层面的的压力和挑战, 一段关系在没有经历外在风险考验下, 这种关系很有可能并不像想想中那么牢固. 
```

# Answer-1
People have different views about young people should put marriage before getting a university degree or having a position in the company. In my opinion, I completely disagree with this opinion. 

Firstly, getting married at a early age will let someone spend more time on affairs in the family instead of spending time on major classes. Suppose this guy is a newbee to the company, spending more time on accumulating professional knowledge at the first stage of his career decides how far he can go in his future career or whether has a career bottleneck in the future. If he decide to get married then he will miss the best time to accumulate his experience or improve his ability in his professional area. 

Secondaly, it is an easy thing to run a family, young people have to face tax, house loan, car loan, insurance and also accumulate money for their children education. And spending much time on family affairs means he lose the ability to compete with his counterparts and promotion's posibility may very low, so improve salary is more difficult than his workmates. Economic plays a important part in family, and early marriage could improve the the risk of this marriage. 


Finally, we all know that a healthy marriage state is two people grow up together, and collaborate with each other to face all kinds of challenges and risk from outside world -- the society. However, in school romance two people do not have the experience to face those kind of challenges, pressure and they even not implement the economic independenty this means their relationship may not be strong as they expected. 

In conclusion, I would argue that young people should first put their efforts on finishing school or getting a higher position in the company, then consider getting organize a family and raising a child. 


# Answer-1 Fix Grammar Error 
People have different views about whether young people should get married before getting a degree or having a stable position in a company. In my opinion, I completely disagree with this. 

Firstly, getting married at an early age will let someone spend more time on affairs in the family instead of spending the same time on school major classes. Suppose this guy is a freshman in the company, spending more time accumulating professional knowledge at the first stage of his career deciding how far he can go in his future roadmap or whether he has a career bottleneck at an early age. If he decides to get married, then he will miss the golden period to accumulate his experiences or improve his ability in his professional area. 

Secondly, it is not an easy thing to run a family. Young people have to face house loans, car loans and also have to consider saving money for a child's future education. Spending too much time on family affairs means he not only spends less time competing with his career rivals, but also has a slow promotion speed and slow salary improvement. 

In conclusion, I would totally disagree with the idea that getting married before graduating from school or getting a job. 


